Update RELEASE_TEXT.md (#68)
hyperspy/hyperspy-bundle: RELEASE_TEXT.md

The HyperSpy bundle is based on the [Anaconda](https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/) distribution and uses the `conda` or `mamba` package manager.

> **[Installation instructions](https://hyperspy-bundle.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[Installation instructions](https://hyperspy.org/hyperspy-bundle/install.html)**
```

## Recommended: Anaconda-type distribution (Linux, MacOS and Windows)

For Windows and Linux, there is the choice between two variants, which are optimised for Intel or AMD CPUs:
- `Intel`: with the MKL libraries,
- `AMD`: with the openblas libraries.

For Mac, there are also two variants available:
- `Intel` for Mac computers with Intel CPU
- `M1` for Mac computers with Apple Silicon (M1) CPU

> For included packages, [see documentation](https://hyperspy-bundle.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html#included-software-and-libraries).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For included packages, [see documentation](https://hyperspy.org/hyperspy-bundle/index.html#included-software-and-libraries).
```
